fix: update readme.md for pre-commit hook (#94)
elasticpath/elasticpath-graphql-server: README.md

yarn prettier-fix
```

### pre-commit hook

> This repo has pre-commit hook, which run `yarn prettier-check` before any commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo has a pre-commit hook, which runs `yarn prettier-check` before any commit.
```
